Breakdown of the game:

The game should start by creating a grid of 12x24 squares.
Then it should look at position 0,0 and if it's a wall, if yes then it should render a grey square.
Then it should look at position 0,1 until it reaches 0,22 and render a grey square for each wall.
Then it should look at position 1,0 and if it's a wall, if yes then it should render a grey square, etc...
After the walls are rendered, the game can start.

The game should start by creating a tetromino.
The tetromino with the shape and color should be chosen randomly.
it's x position should be random between 1 and 10.
it's y position should be 24. (the two line at the top should not be rendered)
The tetromino should be rendered.

During an update, the game should check the values of each positions of the grid to determine what to render.

The tetromino should move down by one square with the move_down method every 1 second.
The game should listen for the player's input. And call the move_left, move_right, rotate methods on input.
When the tetromino moves, the values of the grid should be updated(occupied or not).

If the tetromino is not at the bottom of the grid or if it's not on top of another tetromino, it should keep moving.

If the tetromino is at the bottom of the grid or if it's on top of another tetromino, it should stop moving.
After the tetromino stops moving, the game should change the tetromino as placed.
The game should then check if there is a line that is full.

If there is a line that is full, the game should clear the line. Add to the score.
If the score is equal to 4294967295, the game should stop.
The lines over the cleared line should move down by one square.
then the game should create a new tetromino.

If there is no line that is full, the game should create a new tetromino.
If the placed tetromino is at the top of the grid, the game should stop.

The game should ask the player for their name.
The game should save the score and the name of the player if it's in the top 10. And show the highscores.
The game should ask the player if they want to play again.
If the player wants to play again, the game should start again.
If the player doesn't want to play again, the game should go back to the main menu.


Mechanics

Blocks (tetromino) can turn, move faster on player input
They appear randomly on top after placing them
their is multiple types

when forming a complete line they disapear, add score and the other blocks get down (blocks wont disapear completely, only the parts on the line) 
when they are placed they are fixed => better create a new entity for the fixed blocks, verify the status of all the grid blocks when placing a tetromino with a 'state: bool', add coord: x and y 

blocks 

The game take place in a grid

